All right fun one here.
So we're going to take in an array of integers and we want to find the largest product for adjacent
elements right.
So if we go to three times six is 18 or eight.
So 6 so choose not to avail cussword here seven times three is the largest of the neighboring products.
So that's what we're going to be doing here.
I don't really have any hints for you.
We're going to be iterating through an array and having some logic skills go ahead and dive into it.
All right.
So with that I like to do this is I need to have an initial baseline value right.
And so you may be thinking oh why don't we just said zero.
Well it's not in this case it's true because we only have one example here.
But if you had 15 or 20 test cases which is a real life scenario you would have a You'd have to take
any of multiplications into consideration so you can do is you can create a you just instantiate the
largest product to be equal to the first inputs.
So we have input arrays zero times input over a one.
So we're guaranteed that we're going to have at least that.
And then at the end here we're going to go ahead and return the largest product whatever it may be right
now is 18 because we haven't done the iterations.
Next we're going to do is we're going to iterate through four.
Now we can't stand it.
I to one because we already took care of 0 0 is never going to multiply by anything else but the one
to it's right is ever and ever multiplied by anything is left it's just going to be the one so we can
start on once as we've already done that no need to add that extra iteration.
So we're going to do that while high is less than our input or Raceland right.
We do it for all the values to solve our problem here.
Now that we've done that we're going to create this local Conte's product here which is just going to
be the input array input the Luray
times input.
Plus for this.
If we were to cancel dialog the product will give us pretty much all our values.
You're actually assuming that not a number here which is something I originally didn't take into consideration
as solving this because not a number is but I think it's going to evaluate to a boolean false which
would make it zero.
But the way that we can fix this is the minus one right on our application here.
Now we're good to go.
So because the right most number there is a number to the right of it to multiply.
So now that we've done that all we have to do here is we have everything we need.
So we have our largest product and we're just going to try to turn an area here where we say hey if
the largest product is less than our product set return product if it's not return largest product back
to itself and now we're done pretty straightforward diving through it we initialize a value to the first
the first value we iterate through skipping one on the starting skipping one on the end we then create
a new product to compare it with our existing largest product and end it if it is larger.
We said If not we just Research's value.
And then we return the final product.